Note that the request body MUST be non-empty (#200)
ietf-wg-ohai/oblivious-http: draft-ietf-ohai-ohttp.md

The Oblivious Relay Resource interacts with the Oblivious Gateway Resource as an
HTTP client by constructing a request using the same restrictions as the Client
request, except that the target URI is the Oblivious Gateway Resource.  The

> content of this request is copied from the Client.  If the content of the Client
> request is empty, the Oblivious Relay Resource MUST return an error to the Client
> without forwarding the request to the Oblivious Gateway Resource. The Oblivious Relay

Author: ```suggestion
content of this request is copied from the Client.  An Oblivious Relay Resource MAY reject
requests that are obviously invalid, such as a request with no content. The Oblivious Relay
```
